Follow pose (#1859)
ros-planning/navigation2: nav2_bt_navigator/README.md

## Navigation Behavior Trees

> The BT Navigator package has thfourree sample XML-based descriptions of BTs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BT Navigator package has four sample XML-based descriptions of BTs.  
```

* SpeedController: A custom control flow node, which controls the tick rate based on the current speed.  This decorator offers the most flexibility as the user can set the minimum/maximum tick rate which is adjusted according to the current speed.

> * GoalUpdater: A custom control node, which updates the goal pose. It subscribes to a topic in which it can receive an updated goal pose to use instead of the one commanded in action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GoalUpdater: A custom control node, which updates the goal pose. It subscribes to a topic in which it can receive an updated goal pose to use instead of the one commanded in action. It is useful for dynamic object following tasks.
```

> * TruncatePath: A custom control node, which modifies a path making it shorter. It removes the last part of the pose in the base of a distance to the original goal pose. The resulting last pose of the path orientates the robot to the original goal pose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TruncatePath: A custom control node, which modifies a path making it shorter. It removes parts of the path closer than a distance to the goal pose. The resulting last pose of the path orientates the robot to the original goal pose.
```

Reviewer: Is that accurate? Is the last pose in the path still the goal not the goal - distance? I don't think that's right

Author: yes!! better ;) Thanks
